doc: Migration guide for `mongodbatlas_project_invitation` resource and data source to the `mongodbatlas_cloud_user_project_assignment` resource (#3602)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/guides/project-invitation-to-cloud-user-project-assignment-migration-guide.md

## What’s changing?

- `mongodbatlas_project_invitation` only managed invitations and is deprecated. If the user accepted the invitation and is now a project member, the provider removed the invitation from Terraform state and you should remove it from your configuration as well. See the resource [documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/project_invitation) for more details.
- `mongodbatlas_cloud_user_project_assignment` manages the user’s project membership (active members).
- Pending project invitations are not discoverable with the new APIs. The only migration path for existing PENDING invites is to re-create them using `mongodbatlas_cloud_user_project_assignment` with the same `username` and `roles`.
 - For details on the new resource, see the `mongodbatlas_cloud_user_project_assignment` resource documentation: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/cloud_user_project_assignment

---

## Migrating PENDING invitation (resource exists in config)

> Original configuration (note: `user_id` does not exist on `mongodbatlas_project_invitation`):

Reviewer: curious why this clarification of user_id is needed

Author: not needed here, was a left over when copying a section from other migration guide. good catch

---

## Examples

For complete, working configurations that demonstrate the migration process, see the examples in the provider repository: [migrate_project_invitation_to_cloud_user_project_assignment](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/tree/master/examples/migrate_project_invitation_to_cloud_user_project_assignment).

The examples include:
- **v1**: Original configuration using deprecated `mongodbatlas_project_invitation`
- **v2**: Migration phase with re-creation using new resource and clean state removal
- **v3**: Final clean configuration using only `mongodbatlas_cloud_user_project_assignment`

These examples provide practical validation of the migration steps and demonstrate the re-creation approach for pending invitations.

---

## Notes and tips

- After successful migration, ensure no references to `mongodbatlas_project_invitation` remain in configuration or state.
- Pending invitations are not discoverable by the new APIs and resources; there is no data source replacement for reading pending invites. Re-create them using the new resource as shown above.

> - For background on how accepted invitations are handled, see the `mongodbatlas_project_invitation` resource [documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/project_invitation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For additional details on how accepted invitations are handled, see the `mongodbatlas_project_invitation` resource [documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/project_invitation).
```
